So hello friends my name is Sonak Roy
and today you are all welcome to Insurance Adda
so today we will basically
see if you have any ICICI Bank
policy then how can you see cashless hospital in this policy
from your mobile so first what you have to do in your mobile is
click on
google's hospital as soon as you type and
select it this page will open up after it
opens here the second
option of your ILHC get hospital
list you click on this hospital list
after clicking here it will
take you to a page where you can see this in
front here you can select the state,
select the city,
select the area you can
also select the hospital type so let's come one by one
I am giving an example like my
home is in West Bengal so I
am selecting West Bengal here West Bengal West Bengal
came here
so as soon as I am entering West Bengal
you can see here this entire
network hospital cashless hospital list
is coming here you can click here near about
you  You can see that there are about 464
hospitals nearby in West Bengal. You
can search from here or you
can also select city wise, like
if I select Kolkata here, then
here you will be shown specifically
which hospitals in Kolkata are in cashless tie-up. All these
hospitals that you can see are
Genesis Hospital, Golfview Healthcare,
SG Brain Hospital, all these hospitals of
yours are in Kolkata's network hospital tie-up
with ICICI Lombard. So here
you can also type the name of the hospital. If I
want to see
Kothari Medical
Centre here, if I want to see
this, no, this hospital is shown here.
Yes, see this hospital Kothari Medical
Centre is in cashless tie-up, the one which is
in Alipur Road. So from here you
can also see the name of the hospital by seeing it
with mentioning your state, mentioning your city.
You can also select the name of the hospital by selecting whether
that hospital is in tie-up or
not. If that specific hospital is there, then the hospital which you want to see is in tie-up.  I am
showing it or if the
hospital where you are going to get treatment is
not here then you will have to
file that reimbursement. If you have an
ICICI Lombard policy then
if that hospital is not in tie up with ICICI and the
name of the hospital is not
showing here then you will have to
file reimbursement specifically for that treatment and
otherwise if it is here then what you have to do is
you have to take the card
of the hospital to the insurance desk, all the
formalities will be done there, so whatever is your
network hospital link here,
I will give it in the description of this video,
for your ease you can also see it yourself,
ICICI's cashless network hospital
link and that's all for today, so
see you soon in the next video, hello.